welcome to the new normal the new normal
brings with it a whole new set of
challenges but by taking the right
safety precautions we can fight the
spread of kovat 19 here are a few simple
ways to stay safe at work being safe at
work begins the moment you leave your
home remember to always wear a mask and
avoid crowded spaces when it comes to
covert 19 hygiene and cleanliness are
your best work buddies wash your hands
regularly and disinfect surfaces like
your desk and tables as well as objects
like telephones keyboards etc use face
masks and paper tissues if you develop a
runny nose or cuff hygienic ly dispose
them off in a closed bin encourage your
colleagues to stay safe after all we are
all in this together
water cooler conversations can be fun
but it's always safer to talk over a
telephone or mobile practice ways to say
hello without touching avoid large
groups and organize meetings digitally
rather than in-person reduce the risk by
reducing the number of people that
attend meetings and do not attend
meetings if you have any symptoms or
feel unwell cover your face with the
bend of your elbow or a tissue if you
cough or sneeze open windows and doors
were never possible to make sure the
room is well ventilated avoid smoking
weak lungs can make you vulnerable to
infectious diseases like go with 19
refrain from unnecessary travel and
don't forget to consult national travel
advice before going on business trips so
let's practice these safety precautions
and promise ourselves a safer healthier
future together we can win the fight
against ghovat 19 ICICI Lombard nearby
are they
you
[Music]